okay okay stop screaming Merry Christmas
guys he was a terrible crap on it yeah I
take over you guys can take turns
holding amber baby oh no I just have to
ask a new framework around me see Sam
what do you think guys
he was to our Pomeranians breeding me
i'll let brie hold him for a second i
know he likes your pants you can pick
him up she he's a little nervous scared
what do you think guys come to show my
mom is a little scared right now yes
free you can hold them just pick him up
LaBrie oh he'll be okay he's going to be
prepared for a few minutes
after I came up on her like what is it
and then here do ya heard straight
terrified day Dean we haven't named them
did a girl or boy the boy I think he
looks like a polar bear I was gonna
suggest bear he smells like a tiger
lemur
lay on the ground
Oh